TDL-16115: Add lookback window advanced config option for Incremental Syncs (#135)
singer-io/tap-salesforce: README.md

The `api_type` is used to switch the behavior of the tap between using Salesforce's "REST" and "BULK" APIs. When new fields are discovered in Salesforce objects, the `select_fields_by_default` key describes whether or not the tap will select those fields by default.

> The `lookback_window` (in seconds) subtracts the desired amount of seconds from the bookmark to sync past data. Default value: 10 seconds.

Reviewer: We should recommend a small value like `10` instead

> The `lookback_window` (in seconds) subtracts the desired amount of seconds from the start date to sync past data. Default value: 10 seconds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `lookback_window` (in seconds) subtracts the desired amount of seconds from the bookmark to sync past data. Default value: 10 seconds.
```

Author: Updated the file.
